---
page_title: "crowdstrike_policy_rule Resource - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "section"
description: |-
  
---

# crowdstrike_policy_rule (Resource)

<description>


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}


resource "crowdstrike_policy_rule" "example" {}

output "policy_rule" {
  value = crowdstrike_policy_rule.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description of the policy rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the policy rule.
- `platform` (String) Platform for the policy rule.
- `resource_type` (String) The full resource type. Format examples: AWS: AWS::IAM::CredentialReport, Azure: Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines, GCP: container.googleapis.com/Cluster, OCI: OCI::IAM::User
- `subdomain` (String) Subdomain for the policy rule. Valid values are 'IOM' (Indicators of Misconfiguration) or 'IAC' (Infrastructure as Code).

### Optional

- `auto_remediable` (Boolean) Autoremediation enabled for rule
- `controls` (Attributes) Security framework and compliance rule information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--controls))
- `logic` (String) Rego logic for the rule. If this is not defined, then parent_rule_id must be defined.
- `mitre_tactics_id` (String) MITRE ATT&CK Tactics ID associated with the rule.
- `mitre_tactics_name` (String) Name of the MITRE ATT&CK Tactics associated with the rule.
- `mitre_tactics_url` (String) URL to the MITRE ATT&CK Tactics associated with the rule.
- `mitre_techniques_id` (String) MITRE ATT&CK Techniques ID associated with the rule.
- `mitre_techniques_name` (String) Name of the MITRE ATT&CK Techniques associated with the rule.
- `mitre_techniques_url` (String) URL to the MITRE ATT&CK Techniques associated with the rule.
- `parent_rule_id` (String) UUID of the parent rule to inherit properties from. Required if logic is not specified.
- `remediation_info` (String) Information about how to remediate issues detected by this rule.
- `remediation_url` (String) URL with more information about remediating issues detected by this rule.
- `service` (String) The cloud service, such as EC2 for example.
- `severity` (Number) Severity of the rule. Valid values are 0 (critical), 1 (high), 2 (medium), 3 (informational).

### Read-Only

- `domain` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.
- `uuid` (String) Unique identifier of the policy rule.

<a id="nestedatt--controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `controls`

Required:

- `authority` (String) Security framework, such as CIS, NIST, or PCI.
- `code` (String) Specific compliance rule or control number within the security framework.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Policy Rule can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import crowdstrike_policy_rule.example 7fb858a949034a0cbca175f660f1e769
```
